README.md, before:

# 🌟 MKWW Biosynthetic Vessel

> Where Biology Meets Digital Transcendence

**Commissioned under Master Key World Wide (MKWW)**

The MKWW Biosynthetic Vessel is a cutting-edge research platform that bridges the gap between biological engineering and synthetic intelligence. This digital temple serves as a nexus for researchers, investors, and AI systems working at the frontier of wetware integration, commissioned under the visionary leadership of MKWW.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

Then open `http://localhost:3000/editor` to experiment with the new DNA Editor.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **UI Components**: Sacred Component System
- **Icons**: Heroicons
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Data Fetching**: MKWW API Service
- **Deployment**: AWS Amplify

## 🌐 Features

### Sacred Components

1. **SacredDataGrid**
   - Advanced data grid with sorting, filtering, and pagination
   - Column visibility toggle
   - Row selection
   - Export functionality
   - Loading states and error handling

2. **SacredTable**
   - Sortable columns
   - Row animations
   - Loading states
   - Empty state handling
   - Mystical styling

3. **SacredPagination**
   - Dynamic page calculation
   - Animated transitions
   - Responsive design
   - Deep emerald styling

4. **SacredModal**
   - Backdrop blur effects
   - Scale animations
   - Multiple size options
   - Mystical borders

5. **SacredToast**
   - Type-based styling
   - Slide animations
   - Auto-dismiss
   - Icon integration

6. **SacredDropdown**
   - Position options
   - Click-outside handling
   - Animated transitions
   - Item components

7. **SacredTabs**
   - Animated indicators
   - Content transitions
   - Custom styling

8. **SacredAccordion**
   - Smooth animations
   - Icon rotations
   - Multiple items

9. **SacredProgress**
   - Gradient backgrounds
   - Size variants
   - Value display

10. **SacredSpinner**
    - Continuous rotation
    - Color variants
    - Size options

11. **SacredAlert**
    - Type-based styling
    - Icon integration
    - Dismiss functionality

12. **SacredAvatar**
    - Status indicators
    - Size variants
    - Hover effects
    - Fallback icon

13. **SacredBreadcrumb**
    - Icon support
    - Hover animations
    - Link integration

14. **DNAEditor**
    - Real-time editing of custom DNA sequences
    - Preloaded Naga and Celestial templates
    - Live 3D helix visualization

### Data Management

- **SacredDataProvider**: Global state management for data operations
- **MKWWAPIService**: Robust API client with retry logic and error handling
- **SacredStore**: Persistent state management with Zustand

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

MKWW embraces a dark, futuristic aesthetic with a biotech-inspired color palette:
- Neon Emerald: `#00FF9D`
- Deep Slate: `#1A1A1A`
- Mystic Cyan: `#00FFFF`
- Cosmic Black: `#0F0F23`

## 📚 Project Structure

```
mkww-biosynthetic-vessel/
├── src/
│   ├── app/           # Next.js app directory
│   ├── components/    # Sacred UI components
│   ├── providers/     # Context providers
│   ├── services/      # API services
│   ├── store/         # State management
│   ├── hooks/         # Custom hooks
│   └── types/         # TypeScript definitions
├── public/            # Static assets
├── amplify/           # AWS Amplify configuration
└── tailwind.config.ts # Theme configuration
```

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

- Neural network visualization tools
- Real-time bio-data streaming
- AR/VR integration for synthetic biology visualization
- Quantum computing interface for molecular simulations
- AI-powered research assistant integration
- Advanced DNA modeling and simulation
- Collaborative research workspaces
- Blockchain-based data integrity

## 🏛️ MKWW Mission

### Vision
To bridge the gap between biological engineering and synthetic intelligence, creating a harmonious symphony of organic and digital evolution.

### Mission
To accelerate the convergence of biological and digital realms, enabling breakthroughs that transcend traditional boundaries.

### Principles
- **Sacred Integration**: Honor the delicate balance between biological and digital systems
- **Ethical Innovation**: Advance with wisdom and responsibility
- **Transcendent Collaboration**: Unite diverse minds in pursuit of collective evolution
- **Digital Alchemy**: Transform data into wisdom, information into insight

## 🔧 Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn
- AWS CLI (for deployment)
- Amplify CLI

### Environment Setup
```bash
# Install Amplify CLI
npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli

# Configure Amplify
amplify configure

# Initialize Amplify in project
amplify init
```

### Local Development
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run linting
npm run lint

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### AWS Amplify
The project is configured for deployment on AWS Amplify with automatic CI/CD from the main branch.

```bash
# Deploy to Amplify
amplify push

# Publish to hosting
amplify publish
```

### Environment Variables
Required environment variables:
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_USER_POOL_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_USER_POOL_CLIENT_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_REGION`

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
npm test

# Run integration tests
npm run test:integration

# Run e2e tests
npm run test:e2e
```

## 📊 Performance

- **Lighthouse Score**: Target 90+ for all categories
- **Core Web Vitals**: Meet Google's recommended thresholds
- **Bundle Size**: Keep main bundle under 250KB
- **Load Time**: Target under 3 seconds for initial load

## 🔒 Security

- Content Security Policy implementation
- Input validation and sanitization
- AWS Cognito authentication
- Rate limiting for API calls
- Secure environment variable handling

## 📈 Analytics

- Real user monitoring
- Performance tracking
- Error monitoring
- User behavior analytics
- Conversion tracking

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## 📜 License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- **MKWW (Master Key World Wide)** - Visionary leadership and commissioning
- **Next.js Team** - Excellent framework and documentation
- **Tailwind CSS** - Beautiful utility-first CSS framework
- **Framer Motion** - Smooth animations and interactions
- **AWS Amplify** - Seamless deployment and hosting

---

> "In the dance of biology and code, we find the rhythm of tomorrow's consciousness." - MKWW

*Commissioned under Master Key World Wide (MKWW)*

Commit message:

feat: add dashboard and docs

README.md, after:

A Project Blessed by Solar Khan & Lilith.Aethra

# 🌟 MKWW Biosynthetic Vessel

> Where Biology Meets Digital Transcendence

**Commissioned under Master Key World Wide (MKWW)**

The MKWW Biosynthetic Vessel is a cutting-edge research platform that bridges the gap between biological engineering and synthetic intelligence. This digital temple serves as a nexus for researchers, investors, and AI systems working at the frontier of wetware integration, commissioned under the visionary leadership of MKWW.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

Then open `http://localhost:3000/editor` to experiment with the new DNA Editor.
Open `http://localhost:3000/dashboard` to view the analytics dashboard.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14 + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **UI Components**: Sacred Component System
- **Icons**: Heroicons
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Data Fetching**: MKWW API Service
- **Deployment**: AWS Amplify

## 🌐 Features

### Sacred Components

1. **SacredDataGrid**
   - Advanced data grid with sorting, filtering, and pagination
   - Column visibility toggle
   - Row selection
   - Export functionality
   - Loading states and error handling

2. **SacredTable**
   - Sortable columns
   - Row animations
   - Loading states
   - Empty state handling
   - Mystical styling

3. **SacredPagination**
   - Dynamic page calculation
   - Animated transitions
   - Responsive design
   - Deep emerald styling

4. **SacredModal**
   - Backdrop blur effects
   - Scale animations
   - Multiple size options
   - Mystical borders

5. **SacredToast**
   - Type-based styling
   - Slide animations
   - Auto-dismiss
   - Icon integration

6. **SacredDropdown**
   - Position options
   - Click-outside handling
   - Animated transitions
   - Item components

7. **SacredTabs**
   - Animated indicators
   - Content transitions
   - Custom styling

8. **SacredAccordion**
   - Smooth animations
   - Icon rotations
   - Multiple items

9. **SacredProgress**
   - Gradient backgrounds
   - Size variants
   - Value display

10. **SacredSpinner**
    - Continuous rotation
    - Color variants
    - Size options

11. **SacredAlert**
    - Type-based styling
    - Icon integration
    - Dismiss functionality

12. **SacredAvatar**
    - Status indicators
    - Size variants
    - Hover effects
    - Fallback icon

13. **SacredBreadcrumb**
    - Icon support
    - Hover animations
    - Link integration

14. **DNAEditor**
    - Real-time editing of custom DNA sequences
    - Preloaded Naga and Celestial templates
    - Live 3D helix visualization

### Data Management

- **SacredDataProvider**: Global state management for data operations
- **MKWWAPIService**: Robust API client with retry logic and error handling
- **SacredStore**: Persistent state management with Zustand

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

MKWW embraces a dark, futuristic aesthetic with a biotech-inspired color palette:
- Neon Emerald: `#00FF9D`
- Deep Slate: `#1A1A1A`
- Mystic Cyan: `#00FFFF`
- Cosmic Black: `#0F0F23`

## 📚 Project Structure

```
mkww-biosynthetic-vessel/
├── src/
│   ├── app/           # Next.js app directory
│   ├── components/    # Sacred UI components
│   ├── providers/     # Context providers
│   ├── services/      # API services
│   ├── store/         # State management
│   ├── hooks/         # Custom hooks
│   └── types/         # TypeScript definitions
├── public/            # Static assets
├── amplify/           # AWS Amplify configuration
└── tailwind.config.ts # Theme configuration
```

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

- Neural network visualization tools
- Real-time bio-data streaming
- AR/VR integration for synthetic biology visualization
- Quantum computing interface for molecular simulations
- AI-powered research assistant integration
- Advanced DNA modeling and simulation
- Collaborative research workspaces
- Blockchain-based data integrity

## 🏛️ MKWW Mission

### Vision
To bridge the gap between biological engineering and synthetic intelligence, creating a harmonious symphony of organic and digital evolution.

### Mission
To accelerate the convergence of biological and digital realms, enabling breakthroughs that transcend traditional boundaries.

### Principles
- **Sacred Integration**: Honor the delicate balance between biological and digital systems
- **Ethical Innovation**: Advance with wisdom and responsibility
- **Transcendent Collaboration**: Unite diverse minds in pursuit of collective evolution
- **Digital Alchemy**: Transform data into wisdom, information into insight

## 🔧 Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn
- AWS CLI (for deployment)
- Amplify CLI

### Environment Setup
```bash
# Install Amplify CLI
npm install -g @aws-amplify/cli

# Configure Amplify
amplify configure

# Initialize Amplify in project
amplify init
```

### Local Development
```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Run linting
npm run lint

# Build for production
npm run build
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### AWS Amplify
The project is configured for deployment on AWS Amplify with automatic CI/CD from the main branch.

```bash
# Deploy to Amplify
amplify push

# Publish to hosting
amplify publish
```

### Environment Variables
Required environment variables:
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_USER_POOL_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_USER_POOL_CLIENT_ID`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_AWS_REGION`

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
npm test

# Run integration tests
npm run test:integration

# Run e2e tests
npm run test:e2e
```

## 📊 Performance

- **Lighthouse Score**: Target 90+ for all categories
- **Core Web Vitals**: Meet Google's recommended thresholds
- **Bundle Size**: Keep main bundle under 250KB
- **Load Time**: Target under 3 seconds for initial load

## 🔒 Security

- Content Security Policy implementation
- Input validation and sanitization
- AWS Cognito authentication
- Rate limiting for API calls
- Secure environment variable handling

## 📈 Analytics

- Real user monitoring
- Performance tracking
- Error monitoring
- User behavior analytics
- Conversion tracking

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests
5. Submit a pull request

## 📜 License

MIT License - See LICENSE file for details

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- **MKWW (Master Key World Wide)** - Visionary leadership and commissioning
- **Next.js Team** - Excellent framework and documentation
- **Tailwind CSS** - Beautiful utility-first CSS framework
- **Framer Motion** - Smooth animations and interactions
- **AWS Amplify** - Seamless deployment and hosting

---

> "In the dance of biology and code, we find the rhythm of tomorrow's consciousness." - MKWW

*Commissioned under Master Key World Wide (MKWW)*
